Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
"Previously on" 24.
How much of the virus was released?
Enough to kill everyone in the building.
- "Did you plant any other vials?"
- My assignment was the hotel.
- So there are others?
- Yes. Eleven.
Alvers planted a vial containing
the Cordilla virus in the ventilation system.
It went off as Gael
was trying to disarm it.
No one can be allowed to leave the building.
We have to impose a total quarantine.
If these people realize what's going on,
there'll be widespread panic.
They're lying to us.
It's inside the building!
- " Keep away from the door!"
- "Stay back. Back!"
- "If you try to leave, I will shoot you."
- No, you won't.
- He knows who you are, Jack.
- "Who knows who I am?"
"Don't presume to tell me
about Jack Bauer." That's what he said.
You go up against him,
you're a dead man.
This is Bauer.
Hello, Jack. I knew you were better than
Amador, but you're not better than me.
I need you to put me in touch
with a... friend of yours.
Mr. President, the man in possession of the
Cordilla virus has demanded to speak with you.
You are no longer
in control of your country.
And if you do not use the full power
of your office to execute my wishes...
the virus will be released...
and it will be impossible to stop.
The following takes place
between 5:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m.
Everybody stay calm.
Stay calm and quiet.
Look, outside.
Move in! Move in! Copy that position.
No!
I wanna make one thing clear right now!
No one leaves this building
until further notice.
In a moment, I will get on
the intercom and explain why.
I need absolute quiet
and absolute cooperation.
- " Stay back."
- Reaches the entire hotel?
Yes.
This is Federal Agent Michelle Dessler.
In order to survive what's happened...
you will need to listen carefully
and follow my instructions.
As most of you already know,
an infectious substance...
has been released in the building,
and the hotel has been quarantined.
Anyone attempting to leave...
will be stopped
by any means necessary.
If you are in your room, stay there.
If you are anywhere else,
return to your room immediately.
Medical assistance will arrive shortly...
and be given to anyone who requires it.
The first priority is to go back
to your room and stay there.
- Thank you.
- Okay, folks, you heard the announcement.
Let's make our way back to the elevators.
The elevators are back in operation.
This way, people,
in an orderly fashion.
Oh, God. Danny?
Dan... Oh, no.
- Oh, my God.
- Okay. We're going.
Who did this?
Who killed him?
You? You're a federal agent.
You were supposed to protect him.
- Get your hands off me!
- " I am sorry."
But this is just gonna
make things worse.
- You were supposed to protect him.
- "It's okay."
If you require immediate medical attention...
please step aside over here.
Yeah. This is Bauer.
Agent Bauer,
please hold for the president.
- Jack.
- Mr. President.
The man I spoke to,
the one who controls this virus...
why did he use you to get to me?
I wish I could answer that,
sir. He says he knows me...
but right now we haven't been able to
ascertain a positive identification.
The only thing I can tell you for certain
is within the last hour, he was in L.A.
Jack, he made it clear that he intends
to use the threat...
of releasing this virus
to control me, and through me...
the entire apparatus of
our national government.
- Obviously, we cannot let that happen.
- I understand, sir.
- Find him, Jack.
- We're doing everything we can.
- I'll keep in touch.
- Thank you.
With Amador dead,
we got two leads left.
First, whoever this guy is
says he knows me.
Second, he knows Alvers.
- The guy who planted the virus at the hotel?
- That's right.
I want you to call Tony. Tell him to get
Alvers to give us a physical description.
As detailed as possible. Then I wanna cross-check
with the personnel in my service file.
Bauer says he doesn't know
who this man is.
- But he knows Bauer?
- Apparently.
- David, how is that possible?
- I don't know, Wayne.
All I know is they're doing everything
they can to find this man.
Did he give Bauer any
indication of what he wants?
No. But he controls enough of the virus
to wipe out a significant portion...
of this country's population.
So whatever he wants, we don't have
much choice but to give it to him.
At least for now.
Make sure all the exits are sealed off.
- I just checked a few minutes ago.
- Well, check again.
You don't have to keep me busy,
Agent Dessler. I'm not gonna panic.
I know you won't.
I appreciate all
the help you've given me.
I'd just like to know the truth.
Um, is everyone in this hotel gonna die?
Not everyone. A few
will be immune to the virus.
But most of us...
- What are the chances of survival?
- I don't know.
I'll let you know as soon as I do.
Thank you.
Dessler.
Hey, it's me. The perimeter's set.
Good. Things are under control right now,
but a panic's still possible...
- as more people start showing symptoms.
- We have to be ready for that...
especially since the incubation period of
the virus is so much shorter than we thought.
How're you doing?
I'm fine... so far.
- I just...
- What?
Things got crazy.
I had to shoot a man.
He was trying to
get out of the hotel.
He's dead.
Michelle, you did what you had to do.
The only thing you could've done.
- You need to stay focused, all right?
- I know. I am.
All right. There's something we need
you to do. We need you to find out...
if Alvers ever saw the man that hired him.
We need a description
as detailed as possible.
I'm on it. I'll call you right back.
Medical assistance just got here.
We're gonna really need your help now.
- "Please, step forward."
- " Break up in four teams, save time."
Come on, everybody. Move it.
All right. Ma'am, bring her up.
- I'm bleeding.
- You don't look too bad so far.
We had a deal. I told you what I knew,
you'd kill me when I start showing symptoms.
You haven't told us
everything you know.
- What are you talking about?
- The man you work for.
- What's his name?
- He never told me his name.
I'm dying. I have nothing to gain
by lying about it.
When was the last time you saw him?
Three hours ago
at a go parlor in Chinatown.
- Tony, I'm with Alvers.
- We're ready. Go ahead.
- I want a description.
- Mid-30s, Caucasian.
Uh, about 6'1 ",
black hair, brown eyes.
Lean. No facial hair.
He-He speaks with a British accent.
- Got that?
- Yeah, we got it.
- How long's this gonna take?
- Once the parameters are in, not long.
I just need to cross-reference it with personnel
that Jack has worked with in the past.
All right, Jack. We're uploading
photos of possible suspects.
- "You should have a visual."
- " Copy that."
No. No. No.
No. No.
- He's not there.
- Are you sure?
- Of course I'm sure.
- Tony.
Yeah, I heard. We're gonna have to widen
the search parameters.
The accent might be a mislead.
Maybe he's not even British.
If we drop that parameter, the database
will increase by a factor of almost 50.
That's 750 possibilities.
And a fair amount of those are missing
reliable visuals. In other words, no head shots.
- "Tony."
- Yeah, Jack?
What are the parameters for the search
outside of accent and appearance?
As wide as we can make 'em.
All living males who have...
- Change that.
- Change living?
- Yeah. Change it to "presumed dead."
- Copy that.
No. No.
No.
- There. That's him.
- Tony. Tony, that's him.
- "Jack, you know this guy?"
- My God.
- Jack.
- Yeah, I know him.
His name is Stephen Saunders.
British Intelligence lent him to C. T.U...
- for a mission in Kosovo.
- The one that targeted Victor Drazen?
Yeah. I was the only one to get out.
Five others died, including Saunders.
At least that's what I thought.
I was obviously wrong.
I'm gonna have to get back to you.
I need a few minutes to think this through.
- Jack, hurry.
- Son of a bitch.
The situation at the hotel
seems to be under control.
Now SWAT's in place. N.H.S. Is there
and will start the testing procedures soon.
Any sense that
the press has picked up on this?
No, David. Not so far.
But they're bound to before long.
Containing the virus is crucial,
but containing the story that...
it was released in a hotel
is just as important.
If this story breaks,
we need a plausible cover.
- I'll work up some scenarios.
- Don't use the term "Cordilla virus."
People have never heard of it,
and the unknown creates more fear.
Say it's similar to Legionnaires' disease.
People are familiar with that...
- and they know it was handled successfully.
- Okay.
- Mr. O'Laughlin.
- Mr. President.
- Please.
- Thank you. Thank you very much. Mr. Palmer.
Eleven vials of the virus are unaccounted for.
What's Homeland Security's assessment?
Sir, we believe the threat level
should be raised to "red."
Do it. What about
domestic air travel?
It is our suggestion that flights
be grounded and airports be closed.
Mr. President,
if your concern is to avoid panic...
stopping air traffic
might have the opposite effect.
That's better than allowing
a widespread release of the virus.
If you shut down those airports, you won't
be able to explain it away with Legionnaires'.
We're talking about
security issues, Mr. President.
We are not talking about public relations.
And how the public relates to this
"is" a security issue.
Mr. President, we'd also
advocate shutting down...
interstate rail and bus traffic
"in the interest" of...
Listen, whoever has these vials
could already be in their cars.
- Now we can't shut down every single highway...
- Mr. President, if...
Gentlemen.
Alert the airlines to a possible nationwide
shutdown, but wait for my authorization.
Yes, sir.
- Yes.
- Mr. President, I have a call on one.
One moment, please.
Thank you, Mr. O'Laughlin.
Thank you, Mr. President.
It's him.
Okay, guys. Here we go.
Start the trace.
- Put the call through, please.
- "Yes, sir. Right away."
- Mr. President.
- Yes.
It's time for your first assignment.
A very simple one, but one necessary
to our future relationship.
- We don't have a relationship.
- No. You don't negotiate with terrorists.
Well, I don't negotiate with heads of state,
so just do as you're told.
Across the street from
your building is a mailbox.
Have the Secret Service open it.
Inside is a package wrapped in black paper.
Have them bring it to you
within 10 minutes.
I'm not doing anything
until you tell me exactly...
He didn't stay on long enough. Probably knew
we were going to try and trace the call.
Send Secret Service
to pick up the package.
All right, David. But it's gonna have to be
screened for explosives...
- the virus...
- Then do it. Just make sure
it's back here in 10 minutes.
All right.
His file's still inactive. There's no evidence
that shows he surfaced after Kosovo.
So for the past six years, he's been
letting everyone think he was dead.
I don't think so.
No, if he survived...
he'd have been captured
and sent to one of their prisons for years.
Jack, if the mission failed,
maybe he was the reason.
He could've betrayed the team, pretended
to be killed and gone over to the other side.
You don't know Saunders. He was a patriot.
Something else happened to him.
Who you calling?
Ml-6.
- Operations.
- This is Jack Bauer.
- I need to speak with Trevor Tomlinson, please.
- One moment.
- Hello, Jack.
- Trevor, has C.T.U. Brought you
up to speed on Saunders?
Yeah. We've got his file up now.
There's no indication that he's still alive.
Trust me, he is. You're gonna wanna do
a complete forensic protocol search.
- It's being done as we speak.
- Do you think London would have additional data?
On something like this?
No, it's local.
One more thing. He's gonna want to deal
with people he knows. People he trusts.
See if you can do a quick search on
all his past contacts.
Great. Most of them have gone dark
or they're confirmed dead.
Oh. Here's something.
A name. Diana White.
Ran a high-class escort service
in Los Angeles in the late '80s.
Catered to diplomats,
embassy employees, that sort of thing.
Apparently, she passed a great deal of intel
to Saunders, and they became very close.
They even lived together for a while.
- Is she still living in Los Angeles?
- Yes.
But she's been inactive
in intelligence circles for some time.
Patch her file and every piece of information
you've got on her through to my computer.
Thank you.
I'd like to begin testing
the hotel staff...
but it would really help if you would go first.
- All right.
- Okay.
- Name please?
- Michelle Dessler, C.T.U.
Here you go. We're set.
Okay, it's a nasal swab.
Every bit as reliable as a blood test...
but it can be analyzed
much more quickly.
- How quickly?
- We should have the results in two hours.
Thank you.
Next.
- " Right in there."
- Right over here, sir. Sir, step over here.
It's all right, sir.
There's nothing to be worried about.
- " One person at a time."
- "It's a simple nasal swab."
This phone is what was in the package
from Stephen Saunders.
We scanned it. It's clean.
Unfortunately, Mr. President...
it's built with what's called
a subchannel chip...
designed to receive a specific signal
that can't be traced.
- I understand. Thank you, Aaron.
- Yes, sir.
So this is the way he intends to
communicate from now on.
- And if we really can't trace the call...
- We can't find him.
- Yes.
- Good. You're using your new phone.
Consider it our private line.
And as you've no doubt been informed...
- don't bother trying to trace my calls.
- What do you want?
Within the next half hour,
you'll hold a televised press conference.
- About what?
- Space program. The price of wheat.
It's entirely up to you.
But at some point...
you will use the phrase,
"The sky is falling."
Use it however you like,
Mr. President, but use it.
He wants me to call a press conference.
About what, it doesn't matter.
Just use the phrase, "The sky is falling."
David, it's a signal of some sort.
Maybe for an attack.
Maybe for a wave of attacks.
Maybe it's just a signal
to show that he's in control.
Either way, you can't do it.
You can't give him that kind of power.
- You saw what that virus does.
- I read the file, yeah.
A thousand people
are dying as we speak, Wayne.
Not just in a file, but in real life.
Right here in Los Angeles.
And, David, I realize that.
But the problem becomes...
But if I don't do what this man says,
it will be millions.
If I can buy some time...
maybe C.T.U. Can find this maniac
before things get out of hand.
Call the press conference.
- Yeah.
- She's there.
Thank you. I'll let him know.
Diana White is at home.
- We got anything new on her?
- Just more on the list of clientele she handled.
Foreign dignitaries, heads of state.
Even a high-ranking member of the Vatican,
most with a net worth of over 20 million.
Her relationship with Saunders makes sense.
She gives the names of her clients...
he blackmails them for information
by threatening to reveal who they are.
You think that's how he got the money
to finance this operation?
I think it's how he financed part of it.
You knew Saunders.
You said he was a good soldier.
What do you think happened?
To be honest with you,
I don't know.
I still can't believe
he survived the blast in Bosnia.
They must have captured him.
Otherwise, he would've resurfaced.
They would've put him in prison.
Tortured him for
God knows how many years.
Now he's holding
our government responsible.
- But he was a British agent.
- "He was on loan to us."
It was a U.S. Operation.
We left him behind.
I left him behind.
Look, I know you were studying this virus
even before it surfaced.
- " Tony, this isn't the same strain."
- Maybe not exactly the same...
but related, right?
So you must have been working on a cure,
a vaccine, or something.
Any research we have is based upon...
I got a hotel full of people
dying out there... one of them's my wife.
- So don't tell me there's nothing you can do!
- I wish there was. I'm sorry.
- N.H.S.
- What'd they say?
Anyone infected...
it's a hundred percent mortality rate.
You know, today, when Michelle
told Chappelle that...
I should stand down
because of my wound...
I barely even spoke to her.
Tony, I can't tell you that I know
what you're going through because I don't.
But if you need anything,
I'm here.
- "Kim, would you excuse us?"
- Of course. Here's the file.
Thanks.
Have you cleared those
shared files with Division yet?
No, I didn't get to it yet.
I had to take care of something.
Yeah, I know what you were doing, Tony.
You're calling about Michelle.
- She's my wife, Ryan.
- I understand that.
But we're shorthanded
as it is. We can't afford...
- I know how to do my job, all right?
- Yes, but you're not doing it.
- You have to move on.
- "Move on"?
What, are you acting like
she's already dead?
Yes, I am. And so should you.
We're at war, Tony.
I need your full attention.
If you can't give it to me,
go home or maintain a vigil at the hotel.
But if you stay here, I need you to focus.
And the best way to do that is to assume
the worst and make it about getting revenge.
Now, what's it gonna be?
Are you staying or not?
What do you need?
I've been hunting for any bank accounts
Amador may have used over the past few months...
on the computer
we confiscated at the go club.
If I can find something, maybe we can follow
the money trail back to this Stephen Saunders.
- This offshore or domestic?
- Both.
If I find anything suspicious,
I'll stream it to you.
Coordinate with Division
on a substrata overlay.
All right. You got it.
- Thanks, Tony.
- "Yeah."
Don't fire! I'm a federal agent.
So what? You're in my house.
Don't shoot.
I just wanna show you my identification.
- What do you want?
- I need to talk to you about Stephen Saunders.
Bastard.
- "Put that gun down!"
- You first!
Okay. I'm gonna put my gun down.
Just take it easy.
- Step out from behind there.
- Okay. I'm coming out.
Just take it easy.
Just stay calm.
I just wanna talk to you.
Now, we can talk.
Do you mind if I get dressed first?
Go ahead.
Tell me about you and Saunders.
Stephen always told me
he'd protect me.
I was young and stupid
and I believed him.
When the work turned ugly,
he left me hanging.
- What kind of work?
- It's a figure of speech.
We know you acquired intelligence
for Stephen Saunders through your girls.
I provided a service for wealthy men.
How long do you think that would have
lasted if I betrayed their confidences?
- So you're denying that you worked for him?
- Yes.
I don't believe you.
- I don't care.
- You will. Come on.
Chase, call Tomlinson. Tell him we're
bringing Diana White in for questioning.
- I'm not going anywhere without a lawyer.
- You're not under arrest.
I'm taking you in to Ml-6,
where you'll be interrogated
by an agent of a foreign government.
Your constitutional rights
no longer apply. Let's go.
- Have you seen Gael?
- He doesn't have much time left.
It's so fast.
- Is he in a lot of pain?
- Michelle, you know the pathology of this virus.
- I wanna see him.
- I wouldn't advise that.
If I've been infected, I've been infected.
There's nothing anyone can do.
That's not what I meant.
- Do me a favor.
- Anything.
Contact my family.
Tell them that I love 'em.
Tell them that I died quickly.
No pain.
Of course.
Gael.
I was raised to believe suicide is a sin.
No one could blame you in this world
or the next for ending your suffering.
Are you so sure about that?
A few seconds more.
That's all I needed.
You know...
when I was trying to stop
the cylinder from exploding...
I hesitated... just a moment...
because I was afraid.
Then I forced myself
to move forward.
If only I hadn't hesitated...
"this might not be happening to" me...
to all those poor people upstairs.
- God.
- Gael, you did everything you could.
I'm proud to have worked with you.
You're one of... one of
the bravest men I've ever known.
And I will make sure that your wife
and children know that.
Homeland Security has raised
the threat level to "red."
They're in constant contact with the F.B.I.
Set to move if"The sky is falling"...
should trigger any kind of
suspicious activity.
Is the F.A.A. Set to ground flights
and close the airports?
- David, I think that's an overreaction.
- That was not my question.
Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the President of the United States.
Please, be seated. Good morning.
I know the hour is unusual.
But so are the times
in which we live.
As a result of intelligence
on terrorist activity...
gathered by the office of
Homeland Security and other agencies...
I'm announcing that a threat level "red"
exists throughout the United States.
Therefore, I'm ordering the grounding
of all domestic and international air traffic...
and the closing of airports.
I'm not taking this action
because the sky is falling...
but I'd rather be overprotective
than underprepared.
And as always, diligence and calm
are your best weapons...
against the insidious nature
of the enemy.
And God willing...
we and all those who love freedom,
will remain safe and secure.
- Thank you.
- Mr. President, can we have questions, please?
Excuse me. Excuse me.
This is not a Q & A session.
The president has made a statement,
and he has nothing more to add.
- Thank you very much.
- One moment.
Maybe a couple of questions.
- Mr. President.
- Phil.
- Is the United States currently under attack?
- This is a preventive measure.
What are you preventing, sir, and do you think
the American public will accept...
the grounding of air traffic based on
the rather vague justification you've given?
The exact nature of the threat
is something I can't go into at this time.
- Hello, Jack.
- Trevor, this is my partner, Chase Edmunds.
Chase Edmunds, Trevor Tomlinson.
And this is Miss Diana White.
Miss White. We've done some
additional checking.
She's the registered owner of the address
in Chinatown where Saunders was last seen.
- But I haven't seen him.
- You might want to think that through,
Miss White.
You think he'd put himself
on the line like this for you?
- We've begun vetting the raw data
we collected on Saunders.
- You sent it to London yet?
No. It's still in
our system downstairs.
London wants us to get as far as we can
before transmitting.
Get down!
- She's dead! Chase, are you hit?
- I got it in the vest!
Cover me!
Trevor, the Saunders computer file,
what server did you store it on?
- A-5.
- We gotta get down to the computer room.
Use the stairs. Go!
There's no way that Saunders took out
this entire place just to kill Diana White.
Ml-6 has information in their systems that
doesn't exist anywhere else in the world.
We need to get it.
I'll get the door.
Room's clear. Check him out.
- Chase?
- What?
We got a bomb.
- "How much time?"
- None. You gotta go now.
- Go now!
- Jack, I'm not leaving you!
Get out of here! It's an order! Go now!
I got it! Go! Go! Go! Go!
- Almeida.
- Tony, it's me.
Gael's dead.
He was suffering so badly.
No one should have to
go through what he did.
Tony, there are
children upstairs...
who are going to die in agony...
in front of their parents' eyes.
Michelle, unfortunately, there's nothing
we can do for them right now.
Actually, there is.
Field Ops has a supply of capsules.
Those capsules are for
field agents that are captured.
Yeah. I-I know what they're for. They're
for committing suicide to prevent torture...
and that's exactly
what they'd be used for here.
We could make them available
to anyone who's symptomatic.
- It would be their choice.
- You know I'm not authorized to do that.
I'm not interested in
what's authorized.
Michelle, you're talking about mass suicide
facilitated by an agency of the government.
I'm talking about common decency.
If you could've seen Gael...
I'm calling because...
if it was me...
If I'm infected,
I know what I'd want.
We don't have much time.
Gael was the first to die
because he was the first exposed...
but others won't be far behind.
I'll see what I can do.
Thank you.
Mr. Chappelle, line two.
- Chappelle.
- Ryan, it's Jack.
- Almost the entire Ml-6 office
has just been wiped out.
- What?
They took out a woman that we believe
had recent contact with Saunders.
They also took out most of their personnel,
including Tomlinson...
which means Saunders has a much larger
organization in Los Angeles than we thought.
It also makes him more visible,
easier to find. Have you got anything yet?
I don't know.
I'm trying to follow the money trail.
I've narrowed it down to a few dozen
offshore banks, but it's gonna take some time.
Look, one of the things that
Saunders was trying to destroy...
was all the information
that Ml-6 had gathered on him.
I managed to retrieve the hard drive
that was storing that information.
I need you to call London,
get their protocols...
and I want you to assemble a team that's
ready to start striping data off this thing.
- All right. I'll put Chloe on it right away.
- Okay.
Suicide capsules for the people
down at the hotel.
It's gonna get pretty bad down there.
It's against every regulation in the book.
Yeah.
Do it.
I've been trying to call
Pach, but there's no answer.
He's dead. So's Young.
Taken out in the Ml-6 operation.
- And Bauer?
- He and his partner got out before the explosion.
- But the hard drive was completely destroyed.
- Completely.
- What about Diana?
- Dead.
I'll miss her.
There's one more thing.
There've been some inquiries
made about the bank in Cayman.
- By whom?
- They're coming from C.T.U.
A man named Ryan Chappelle.
I know Chappelle.
Apparently, he's quite good
at following money trails.
Is he? Carry on.
I'll tell him myself.
What is it?
There was just an attack
on the L.A. Office of Ml-6.
Jack Bauer was there at the time.
- Is he all right?
- Yeah. He's on his way back to C.T.U.
Any indication that the attack was triggered
by what I said at the press conference?
David, we don't know
what triggered the attack.
So it could've been what I said?
How was the attack carried out?
By helicopter and two men inside.
All right. So they
have to land it somewhere.
I want F.A.A. To coordinate with
Homeland Security and Border Patrol.
Right away, Mr. President.
- What?
- I enjoyed your press conference, Mr. President.
- It's good to know the sky's not falling.
- What do you want?
To give you your next assignment.
A sort of preliminary action to clear
the decks before the main event to come.
There's a man named Ryan Chappelle.
- Regional Director of C.T.U.
- Yeah, what about him?
- I want him killed.
- What?
At 7:00 a.m., have his body delivered to
the train yard downtown, off the main line.
- It's out of the question.
- What a shame.
Before you decide, you might want to...
drop by the Chandler Plaza Hotel.
Take a good look at what's happening.
Then imagine the same event taking place
at hundreds of locations all over the country.
You're insane.
What does he want?
David?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org